Release v2.20260626.0 (#5787)
omarroth/invidious: CHANGELOG.md

## vX.Y.0 (future)

## v2.20260626.0

### Wrap-up

This release hardens playlists, channels, and search, adds a privacy option for searches, and modernizes the packaging and CI pipeline.

> Searches can now be submitted via `POST` so queries do not leak into server logs or browser history, Invidious cookies work across alternative domains, and "Watch on YouTube" / embed redirects use the correct timestamp and host. A long tail of playlist and channel regressions is fixed: outdated playlist parsing that hid all videos, paid course videos breaking imports, RSS feeds exposing private playlists without auth, missing `collectionThumbnailViewModel` keys, broken author verification, and channel videos/playlists not loading from search. Thumbnail and `/pl_c` / `/tvfilm_banner` paths are now supported, the comment editor no longer swallows the last emoji, and the search filters dropped the unused "sort by rating/date" options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Searches can now be submitted via `POST` so queries do not leak into server logs or browser history, Invidious cookies work across alternative domains, and "Watch on YouTube" / embed redirects use the correct timestamp and host. Playlist and channel parsing issues got fixed: outdated playlist parsing that hid all videos, paid course videos breaking imports, RSS feeds exposing private playlists without auth, broken author verification badges, and channel videos/playlists not loading from search. Thumbnail paths `/pl_c` / `/tvfilm_banner` are now supported, YouTube comments that were written in Japanese, Chinese, Korean and probably other languages do not longer swallows the last character when an emoji is present in the comment, and the search filters dropped the deprecated "sort by rating/date" options.
```

Packaging moves Docker builds to the 84codes Crystal compiler image, updates OpenSSL to 3.6.2 and Crystal to 1.20.x in OCI, bumps Alpine to 3.24, and unifies the ARM64 and AMD64 Dockerfiles. Developers benefit from continued encapsulation of constants/helpers/translation/video-parser logic into dedicated modules, an `api/v1/channels.cr` lint pass, trailing-whitespace cleanup, and a sweep of dependency and GitHub Actions bumps.

### New features & important changes
#### For Users
  - Searches can be submitted through `POST` requests so queries stay out of URLs, server logs and browser history (#5551)
  - Invidious cookies are honoured across alternative configured domains (#5647)
  - Embed and "Watch on YouTube" redirects use the correct `t`/`start` parameter and the `www.youtube.com` host consistently (#5660, #5768)
  - The `referrerpolicy`/`noreferrer` handling was corrected now that YouTube requires referrers on embeds (#5642)

>   - The listen button on the title updates its elapsed time, and the unused "sort by rating/date" search filter options were removed (#5625, #5629)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The listen button on the title updates its elapsed time, and the deprecated "sort by rating/date" search filter options were removed (#5625, #5629)
```
